Hi thanks.
Marcel here for another lesson and they're almost coming to the end of this long work.
And today you're going to be great an area to include the logo.
First of all as head over to the Wordpress dashboard appearance menu customize
and undersize identity you realize that we don't have a control upload the logo to the thing yet.
So we have to figure out how to do this.
Fortunately there was a fairly easy way to do this in wordpress to do so.
Let's go back to our code.
Today we can forget the customize or that page be filed because we need only the functions file it changes
will be as you'll see many more.
As Go ahead and add another thing support
this time.
The support we want.
It's called Custom hyphen logo.
This film supports accepts an array of arguments in which we can set both the width and the height of
the image.
So let's begin the array here.
Height is going to be 110 and with it's going to be 200.
This is going to be enough for a logo image as you setting an exact size for this image.
You'll notice that WordPress will allow us to crop the image used for the logo.
Let's save this here.
And reload the customized dashboard.
Now if the access side identity again you have here an exclusive area and our logo is in it.
Let's upload an image.
Look here as I said before the Customize customized suggests that the uploaded image has a dimension
of 200 by 120 pixels.
And when you choose an image that I have already set aside for the logo though this that this image
is larger than the suggested size.
So when I click select WordPress S-meter crop the image before that I'm going to type here in alternative
text for the image and also a description.
I'm going to just type the theme name
ok.
I'm going to click on this button here and proceed to crop the image.
OK great.
The image is here in our view.
But of course it's not explained on the theme yet.
Let's save this here for now.
And we go ahead and include the logo in our theme.
To do this let's open up the head of that page file.
Let's remove it all here.
The last color logo.
To do that it's really very simple let's just call the custom logo function
that's it nothing more.
But now you understand the reasons why we created some things at the beginning of the course.
For example we have this Sandra class here and we also have this defect just below the bootstrap container
called a line the text in class ensures that the logo will be censored even when we are at a very small
screen resolution such as the smartphone and the align class that we use to align both the logo and
the menu vertically well before showing you how are going to align these items.
Let's see if our logo is already showing up on the screen.
Let's open our theme here.
Excellent.
Our logo is already showing on the screen.
Look here.
However you can see that it's not aligned with the menu.
In fact we have this space all on the menu.
It really seems very very ugly.
So this let's use only three CSSA comments.
Let's go ahead and create a very simple rule for that aligned class.
Let's open up our services file.
So a line and let's say the following.
Display flex
line items sender with 100 percent isn't only this you can ensure that all items are aligned vertically.
So let's see
well something went wrong here.
We have to figure out what happened.
Let's go back to our code because I believe the problem is that aligned with
yes it's here.
In fact this div must be inside the room not outside or otherwise the display flags won't work for the
Jew innards of Dag's.
Let's we want to decode
and let's refresh the page again.
An Grainne his work in IT can get more perfect than this.
So now let's resize the screen
and then when they get below 767 pixels are Esparza's menu will display and the logo image is center.
Thanks to the A-line glass Well folks.
That was it for this lesson.
I hope you enjoyed it and I invite you then to be here with me in the next lesson which will be our
last on the Wordpress theme customized for jovem.
Happy coding.